c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\PlayerData.dll.config
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\PlayerData.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\PlayerData.pdb
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\obj\Debug\PlayerData.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\obj\Debug\PlayerData.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\obj\Debug\PlayerData.pdb
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\justw\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService\PlayerData\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
